[connector/servicegraph] Change database_name_attribute to accept a list of values (#39133)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: connector/servicegraphconnector/README.md

  - Default: `false`
- `metrics_flush_interval`: the interval at which metrics are flushed to the exporter.
  - Default: `60s`
- `database_name_attribute`(DEPRECATED): the attribute name used to identify the database name from span attributes.
  - Default: `db.name`

> - `database_name_attributes`: the attribute name list of attributes need to match used to identify the database name from span attributes, the higher the front, the higher the priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `database_name_attributes`: the list of attribute names needed to identify the database name from span attributes, in order of priority.
```
I think that's what you mean? I am not sure.
